docs: updated README.md with 3D tools (#5)
Hyraze/ai-collective-tools: README.md

## 3D

> - [Alpha3D](https://www.alpha3d.io/) - Alpha3D is a revolutionary generative AI-powered platform that transforms 2D images into high-quality 3D assets at scale. #free-trial

Reviewer: `free-trial` tag is not available for now. update it to `paid`.

> - [Alpha3D](https://www.alpha3d.io/) - Alpha3D is a revolutionary generative AI-powered platform that transforms 2D images into high-quality 3D assets at scale. #free-trial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Alpha3D](https://www.alpha3d.io/) - Alpha3D is a revolutionary generative AI-powered platform that transforms 2D images into high-quality 3D assets at scale. #paid
```
